Pickett game events and flow. 

Pickett will play very much like another RenPy game that has gotten some
critical acclaim from steam and PC gamer, 'Long Live The Queen.'
Essentially, The game lasts only 3-4 weeks (I have yet to decide through
playtesting if it should go on for any longer.) So, lets begin. 

Color Scenes: Color scenes will sometimes feature a conversation, or a choice.
They can sometimes lead to battles or other in game states. normally,
pictures, music, and text will be changing in color scenes. skill checks can
take place during a color scene and the outcome could have an effect on the
content of the scene.           

Conversations: These are scenes in which Pickett is talking to anyone else in
the game and choosing from a list of options what he is going to say. Usually
in game what happens is, during a scene an amount of conversations will be
specified that pickett must have with different player characters before the
game will move onto the next scene. during these conversations, the
conversations you choose may have an affect on other NPC stats. 

Skill Checks: Often, in the middle of color scenes, conversations, or special
battles, the game will tests one of picketts skills to see if he sucseeds in a
certian action. Usually if he does, it results in a more deserible story
situation. A check is a d100 roll, sucsess is when it gets equal or under
picketts skill being checked. Skill checks are the most important mechanic in
the game as players will be trying to figure out the best character build to
survive all these checks and make it to the end of the game. 

Battles: Battles are Dragon Warrior style battles in which any characters,
player, party, or otherwise, that die permanently die. Hence if you fight
another camper, and kill him, he is unavailible for the rest of the game,
either in future story scenes or whatever else. It is important to mention
that for player characters, there are 3 types of weapon skills, blunt, ranged,
and polearms, which correspond to the stats baseball, archery, and lacrosse.

Moods: Moods are stats that place modifers on learning skills. The most
prominent mood is selected by whichever mood as the highest interger values,
but this would be displayed to the user as a vertical slider. there are a
total of 10 moods and they come in pairs, they are attached to eachother for
the purpose of figureing out the predominant mood. the prominent mood will
then bestow a modifer on the learning of all skills, see next paragraph for
more related info.

Choosing Activities & Mood Modifiers: Another main mechanic of the game, is
choosing your activities for the day which in turn, raises your skills. When a
the activities are performed, the skills go up by 10 points, UNLESS their is a
skill modifer coming from the main mood. depending on how much of a particular
feeling pickett is feeling at the moment, the modifer can either be positive
or negative, depeneding on the specific skill category, by 2-8 points, to be
specified exatctly skill by skill category later, detailed in the unused
skills dict.

Skills & Skill categories: Im about to fall asleep doing this tomorrow. 

<Day One, Week One>

   INTRO {Bully is chosen here.} [Color Scene]

  -Orientation Happens [Color Scene]

  DAY_ONE_WEEK_ONE_OUTSIDE_THEATER [Work in progress] [3 Unique conversations
must be had until game moves to next state.]

  DAY_ONE_WEEK_ONE_INSIDE_BUNK_NIGHT [3 Unique conversations must be had until
the game moves to the next state]
<Day Two, Week One>
  
  DAY_TWO_WEEK_ONE_FLAGPOLE [Not Completed.]

  -Player chooses two activities for the day.

  -Player engages in activity one. {boosts associated skill}

  DAY_TWO_WEEK_ONE_LUNCH [Not Completed.]
  
  -Player engages in activity two.

  -Free Choice (Player chooses an activity from here that affects mood)

  DAY_TWO_WEEK_ONE_POOL_PARTY [Not Completed.] {evenining activity}

<Day Three, Week One>

  -Player chooses two activities for the day. 

  -Player engages in activity one. {boosts associated skill}

  DAY_THREE_WEEK_ONE_LUNCH [Not Completed]


